Add examples for using Basic Auth with the HTTP Proxy. (#1578)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/develop/http-proxy.mdx

  <TabItem value="env-nodejs" label="NodeJS">

:::note

> This assumes you're in the root directory of an existing NodeJS project. See [Use NodeJS with Redpanda](../../develop/guide-nodejs) for one way to get started with a new NodeJS project and examples of connecting to Redpanda with a native library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is based on the assumption that you're in the root directory of an existing NodeJS project. See [Use NodeJS with Redpanda](../../develop/guide-nodejs) for one way to get started with a new NodeJS project and examples of connecting to Redpanda with a native library.
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ## Authenticating with HTTP Proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Authenticate with HTTP Proxy
```

Reviewer: ^^ per RP Style Guide
